# MakeNav
MakeNav is a python script aimed at Python 3 for the purpose of streamlining the process of creating Navigator XML files for PlayStation Home. It is especially useful for making the Navigator look more like a Retail build's navigator compared to the built-in Dev Navigator UI.

This tool will not work on pre-1.35 Home clients, as those use the World Map instead of the Navigator.

## Dependencies
You will need the following:
- Python 3.10 or higher
- BeautifulSoup4 (pip install BeautifulSoup4)
- lxml (pip install lxml)
- A SCENELIST.XML or LOCALSCENELIST.XML file to parse
- Some knowledge on how to use a command line program

## Usage
(WIP)

Sample: "makeNav.py -s path/to/scenelist.xml"

Extra arguments include:
- -i/--imageUrlRoot "WEB_SERVER_IP_OR_DOMAIN_GOES_HERE"
- -f/--addFunctions 0/1 (A value of 1 enables "My Home" category containing extra functions such as Favorites and Recently Visited)

If it succeeded, you should see nav.xml in the working directory.

## Am I done just like that?
You can use the navigator file generated by this program as soon as it's made. However, you can also tidy up your newfound navigator file by adding more categories and the like.

## Can I make a fork of this?
Sure can, just be sure to give appropriate credit to me. Also, if one wishes to tidy up my hacky code, please do. I'd love to see this little tool get better.

## Important Notes
- Scenelists that have multiple versions of core scenes under different names (i.e. DH's offline build and Splicewave's offline build) will NOT be mapped under the "Core" category, as this tool is expecting their original names. It's not hard to modify this, however.
- If you do not specify an image url root (-i/--imageUrlRoot argument), the tool will default to using SCEA's servers to be safe. This means you'll see no images come up as SCEA's servers have been down for years. I highly implore that people specify an image url root. It is not tested whether this can be used to fetch images from the HDD yet, though it may be possible.
- There are currently only 2 (with a maximum of 3 counting the extra "My Home" category) categories made by this tool, as this file does NOT create anything for extras found online (i.e. the Shopping category).
- You can also name your Scenelist file 'NAVSCENELIST.XML' and the program will find it provided it's in the same directory as the script.

## Work that currently needs to be done.
- Leverage this tool to show the proper thumbnail for Harbour Studio on Offline
- Don't let duplicate scenes with the same name be listed (i.e. Core Scenes in REGION tags)
- Figure out a way to let the user sort scenes within different subcategories in the Explore category by a creator id. (For now, the user has to edit the nav file manually. It works if they know what they're doing but I'm trying to think of a way to deal with this without editing the sceneist or creating huge arrays of predefined names)

### Important
PlayStation Home is owned by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. No copyright infringement is intended with this project.
